# CS-320-Software-Test-Automation
#How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?

I begin by defining clear requirements of what the program that I am creating should do. I follow best practices adhereing to coding standards, design patterns, and software architecture to write clean and maintainable code. Through this course, I have learned more techniques on how to test the program that I have written to show accuracy and consistency throughout the program. I also review over my code myself after creating it to check for errors myself. I don't have the luxury of a peer review, but eventually this review will turn into a peer review to get unbiased feedback from someone else.

#How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?

The most important concept in interpreting user needs is clear communication. Not only communication, but clear communication. The goal in an initial client meeting is to understand exactly what the client wants the program to do. If you walk away from that meeting with unanswered questions, in my opinion the meeting was a failure. From that meeting, we are able to create user stories to fully capture the functionality from the users perspective. We also learn what aspects of the program are held to a higher priority than others. The final thing that reverts back to my first comment is feedback. The agile method has taught us that regular meetings and updates within the program for the client are useful and necessary to meet their needs. As we progress through the program, we will meet with the clients to make sure the route we are taking to acheive the goal they have is still on track and that we see eye to eye.

#How do I approach designing software?

I apporach designing software like any project really. I begin with a blank slate and a client that has a need. I create the architectural pattern based on the project's requirements. I break down the software into smaller more manageable components for development and maintenance. I consider future changes and scalability needs within the software and design it accordingly. I document everything from the initial client meeting to the code to API's and so on. Having those notes for tasks completed weeks ago that may not be fresh on your mind is extremely important. I focus on creating a user friendly interface that aligns with the needs of the client. I identify any potential bottlenecks and address my concerns to make sure the software operation is efficient. In all of these aspects, collaboration, continuous improvement, and adaptability are crutial. I have to be open to feedback and stay current on best practices to create functional, secure programs that make my clients happy they chose me.
